Make Posthog API Host configurable in flowforge.yml (#1649)
flowforge/flowforge: docs/install/configuration.md

Option        | Description
--------------|------------
`telemetry.enabled` | Enables the anonymous usage telemetry of the platform. Default: `true`

> `telemetry.frontend.posthog.apihost` | The API host for PostHog, either 'https://app.posthog.com' or 'https://eu.posthog.com'. Default: `null`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`telemetry.frontend.posthog.apihost` | The API host for PostHog, either 'https://app.posthog.com' or 'https://eu.posthog.com'. Default: `https://app.posthog.com`
```

We need to default to `https://app.posthog.com` otherwise things will break if this is deployed without the configuration made at the same time.
